README.md, before:

# Dodian OSRS
[![revision][rev-badge]][patch] [![license][license-badge]][isc] [![chat][discord-badge]][discord]

This is an OSRS server based on [RSMod v2](https://github.com/rsmod/rsmod). It's currently upgraded to support OSRS revision 201.

## Contributing
_Bit early to contribute to this, need to establish more things first._

## License
Dodian is based off of [RSMod v2](https://github.com/rsmod/rsmod), meaning the licensing follows that project.

RS Mod is available under the terms of the ISC license, which is similar to the 2-clause BSD license. The full copyright notice and terms are available in the [LICENSE][license] file.

[isc]: https://opensource.org/licenses/ISC
[license]: /LICENSE.md
[discord]: https://discord.gg/r4M6cSBdrT
[patch]: https://oldschool.runescape.wiki/w/Update:Deadman_Reborn_and_QoL_Changes
[rev-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/revision-201-important
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-informational
[discord-badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/833648712633810974?color=%237289da&logo=discord

Commit message:

Central Server Created a central server application that provides various functionality. Among other things it's providing a world list both in JSON format and a byte packed format for the RS client. It provides a download URL for jav_config.ws and gamepack.jar, which is required for RuneLite to work. I've also added a couple API endpoints that provides a list of definitions/configs from the game cache.

README.md, after:

# Dodian OSRS
[![revision][rev-badge]][patch] [![license][license-badge]][isc] [![chat][discord-badge]][discord]

This is an OSRS server based on [RSMod v2](https://github.com/rsmod/rsmod). It's currently upgraded to support OSRS revision 201.

---

## Features
### Central Server
Will be to provide each world/game server with the default cache and gamepack JAR. It will also provide a list of active/online worlds as well as some optional REST APIs for various statistics and cache data.

### World / Game Server
Provides the actual game backend that players login and play on.

---

## Contributing
_Bit early to contribute to this, need to establish more things first._

## License
Dodian is based off of [RSMod v2](https://github.com/rsmod/rsmod), meaning the licensing follows that project.

RS Mod is available under the terms of the ISC license, which is similar to the 2-clause BSD license. The full copyright notice and terms are available in the [LICENSE][license] file.

[isc]: https://opensource.org/licenses/ISC
[license]: /LICENSE.md
[discord]: https://discord.gg/r4M6cSBdrT
[patch]: https://oldschool.runescape.wiki/w/Update:Deadman_Reborn_and_QoL_Changes
[rev-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/revision-201-important
[license-badge]: https://img.shields.io/badge/license-ISC-informational
[discord-badge]: https://img.shields.io/discord/833648712633810974?color=%237289da&logo=discord
